In this homework, you should create an evidence of your work such as picture with description
in PDF and submit the Github link of your homework. Make sure that your Github link is public.

1. You're creating a database to contain a set of sensor measurements from a two-dimensional grid.
Each measurement is a time-sequence of readings, and each reading contains ten labeled values.
Should you use the relational model or MongoDB? Please justify your answer

    Answer: <br>
I will use MongoDB, MongoDB's flexible document-based data model can accommodate the changing structure of sensor data over time and store each measurement as a time-sequence of readings with ten labeled values. The JSON format used by MongoDB is well-suited for this type of data and allows for efficient querying and analysis. Additionally, if the amount of sensor data grows and needs to be scaled horizontally, MongoDB's distributed architecture can easily handle this by sharding data across multiple servers.


2. For each of the following applications <br>
a. IoT <br>
b. E-commerce<br>
c. Gaming<br>
d. Finance<br>
Propose an appropriate Relational Model or MongoDB database schema. For each application,
clearly justify your choice of database.

    Answer: <br>

    <b> IoT </b><br>
    For IoT applications, I will use MongoDB due to the high volume, velocity, and variety of data generated by IoT devices. MongoDB's flexible document-based data model can handle unstructured and semi-structured data types, such as sensor data, which is commonly generated by IoT devices.

    <b> E-commerce </b><br>
    For E-commerce applications, I will use relational database because of the highly structured nature of e-commerce data, such as products, orders, customers, and inventory. A relational database model can enforce data integrity and consistency constraints through relationships between tables, ensuring that data is accurately and reliably managed.

    <b> Gaming </b><br>
    For Gaming applications, I will use MongoDB due to the highly dynamic and fast-changing nature of gaming data. A document-based database schema can easily accommodate diverse and unpredictable data structures, such as game logs, user profiles, and game states.

    <b> Finance </b><br>
    For Finance applications, I will use a relational database due to the high importance of transactional consistency and data integrity in financial systems. Relational databases can provide strong consistency guarantees through ACID transactions, ensuring that financial data is accurately recorded and maintained.


3. Create MongoDB database with following information.
    ```
    1. ({"name":"Ramesh","subject":"maths","marks":87})
    2. ({"name":"Ramesh","subject":"english","marks":59})
    3. ({"name":"Ramesh","subject":"science","marks":77})
    4. ({"name":"Rav","subject":"maths","marks":62})
    5. ({"name":"Rav","subject":"english","marks":83})
    6. ({"name":"Rav","subject":"science","marks":71})
    7. ({"name":"Alison","subject":"maths","marks":84})
    8. ({"name":"Alison","subject":"english","marks":82})
    9. ({"name":"Alison","subject":"science","marks":86})
    10. ({"name":"Steve","subject":"maths","marks":81})
    11. ({"name":"Steve","subject":"english","marks":89})
    12. ({"name":"Steve","subject":"science","marks":77})
    13. ({"name":"Jan","subject":"english","marks":0,"reason":"absent"})
    ```
    Give MongoDB statements (with results) for the following queries <br>
    • Find the total marks for each student across all subjects.<br>
    • Find the maximum marks scored in each subject.<br>
    • Find the minimum marks scored by each student.<br>
    • Find the top two subjects based on average marks.<br>
    ```
    Answer : 
    ```